AstroCloud CLI Reference Guide (#294)
astronomer/docs: cloud/cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-run.md

---
sidebar_label: "astrocloud dev run"
title: "astrocloud dev run"
id: astrocloud-dev-run
description: Reference documentation for astrocloud dev run.
---

## Overview

> Run [Airflow CLI commands](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) in your local Airflow environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run [Airflow CLI commands](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) in your local Airflow environment. This command is for local development only and cannot be applied to Deployments running on Astronomer Cloud.
```

## Usage

```sh
astrocloud dev run <airflow-command>
```

## Examples

```sh

> $ astrocloud dev run create_user -r Admin -u admin -e admin@example.com -f admin -l user -p admin
> # Run OSS `create_user` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ astrocloud dev run create_user -r Admin -u admin -e admin@example.com -f admin -l user -p admin
# Run the Airflow CLI's `create_user` command in your local Airflow environment
```
